README.md, before:

# 🌙 Ramadan Coding Projects 🚀

Welcome to **Ramadan Coding**, a collection of fun, beginner-friendly, and practical Python mini-projects created during the holy month of Ramadan. The goal of this repository is to enhance coding skills, practice problem-solving, and build small but useful tools using **Python**, **Streamlit**, and **FastAPI**.

---

## 📂 Project List

| No. | Project Name | Description |
|-----|-----------------------------|------------------------------------------------|
| 01 | ✅ Todo CLI | A simple command-line To-Do list manager. |
| 02 | 📏 Unit Converter | Convert units like length, weight, etc. easily. |
| 03 | 🔐 Password Generator | Generate strong and secure passwords. |
| 04 | ⚡ API with FastAPI | Build APIs using FastAPI with deployment configs. |
| 05 | 💰 Money Making Machine | A project for finance-related automation ideas. |
| 06 | 🌍 Time Zone App (Streamlit) | Select a city & get current time in that timezone. |
| 07 | 😊 Mood Tracker (Streamlit) | Track and log your mood with interactive UI. |
| 08 | 📚 Quiz App | A simple quiz app with improved code readability. |
| 09 | 🧮 Simple Calculator (Streamlit) | Perform basic calculations with a Streamlit interface. |
| 11 | 😂 Random Joke Generator | Get a random joke with just a click (Streamlit app). |

> ✅ More projects will be added soon. Stay tuned!

---

## 📌 Technologies Used

- Python 🐍  
- Streamlit 🌐  
- FastAPI ⚡  
- CLI (Command Line Interface) tools  
- Vercel (For deployment)

---

## ✨ Purpose of This Repo

This repo was created as a **Ramadan Coding Challenge** – to stay productive and consistent in learning during Ramadan. Each project is beginner-friendly, helping you learn and build something meaningful every day.

---

## 💡 How to Use

1. Clone the repository:
   ```bash
   git clone https://github.com/your-username/ramadan-coding.git
   cd ramadan-coding

Commit message:

Update README.md: Add Chainlit to project list and enhance usage instructions

README.md, after:

# 🌙 Ramadan Coding Projects 🚀

Welcome to **Ramadan Coding**, a collection of fun, beginner-friendly, and practical Python mini-projects created during the holy month of Ramadan. The goal of this repository is to enhance coding skills, practice problem-solving, and build small but useful tools using **Python**, **Streamlit**, **FastAPI**.& **Chainlit**

---

## 📂 Project List

| No. | Project Name | Description |
|-----|-----------------------------|------------------------------------------------|
| 01 | ✅ Todo CLI | A simple command-line To-Do list manager. |
| 02 | 📏 Unit Converter | Convert units like length, weight, etc. easily. |
| 03 | 🔐 Password Generator | Generate strong and secure passwords. |
| 04 | ⚡ API with FastAPI | Build APIs using FastAPI with deployment configs. |
| 05 | 💰 Money Making Machine | A project for finance-related automation ideas. |
| 06 | 🌍 Time Zone App (Streamlit) | Select a city & get current time in that timezone. |
| 07 | 😊 Mood Tracker (Streamlit) | Track and log your mood with interactive UI. |
| 08 | 📚 Quiz App | A simple quiz app with improved code readability. |
| 09 | 🧮 Simple Calculator (Streamlit) | Perform basic calculations with a Streamlit interface. |
| 11 | 😂 Random Joke Generator | Get a random joke with just a click (Streamlit app). |

> ✅ More projects will be added soon. Stay tuned!

---

## 📌 Technologies Used

- Python 🐍  
- Streamlit 🌐  
- FastAPI ⚡  
- CLI (Command Line Interface) tools  
- Vercel (For deployment)
- Chainlit (for Build AI applications)

---

## ✨ Purpose of This Repo

This repo was created as a **Ramadan Coding Challenge** – to stay productive and consistent in learning during Ramadan. Each project is beginner-friendly, helping you learn and build something meaningful every day.

---

## 💡 How to Use

1. Clone the repository:
   ```bash
   git clone https://github.com/your-username/ramadan-coding.git
   cd ramadan-coding


2. Navigate to any project folder:
   ```bash
cd 03-password-generator


3. Run the app:

   For CLI-based projects:
   ```bash
   python filename.py
   ```

For Streamlit apps:
   ```bash
   streamlit run app.py
   ```
